---
layout: post
title: "Welcome!"
categories: about
permalink: /welcome/
---

This is the first webpage I am creating since high school times. Exciting!

After some deliberation, I chose to use [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to set it up, which I also didn't know about before, so I am just familiarizing myself with it.

My primary goal is of course to finally have a personal website. I will give a brief Bio in the home page, where I describe my main research interest and current academic position. Here, I can advertise if I am looking for students for instance. I can mention I can host people to visit in Innsbruck and have money to fund visits to Innsbruck for people interested in giving a talk or interact with the community here. I also want to include a selection of my most important publications and maybe projects that I am part of or grants that I got. I can mention my key collaborators and link to their websites. I can also mention if I am open to review articles. I can also add link to my Github, dblp page, Google Scholar, arxiv, and orcid. Finally, I can add my planned visits, travels and conferences, possible as an event calendar on the home page.

In the rest of the website, I plan to include my CV and a comprehensive list of publications to start with. Over time, I would like to add other research activities such as conference, seminar talks, and courses (with links to recording if available), teaching activities and supervision. Recorded talks could have a separate page.

At some point I may add a blog with posts about what I find interesting at the moment in my research and related topics. Maybe with some tutorials and content that is geared towards explaining my research more broadly and outreach.

If I feel like it, I may then add sections on my life outside of my paid job. A more comprehensive outline of my interests in science and beyond. A description of my other activities such as volunteering jobs, community building, sports, travelling, tea culture, etc.

Eventually, I can add a personal blog with my travel reports, photos, sharing infos about events (tea gatherings, festivals, etc.) or whatever else is on my mind.

I take some inspiration from the pages of [Drew McNeely](https://drewmcneely.net/), [Paolo Perrone](http://www.paoloperrone.org/index.html#Home), [Dario Stein](https://dario-stein.de/).
